A-1{Inheritance is a method through which one class inherits the child from its parent class.
Inheritance is a feature in which one new class is derived from the existing ones.
The new class derived is termed a derived class, and the current class is termed a Parent or base class.
its also called parent and child class.

A-2{Dart doesn't support multiple inheritances. In other words, a class cannot inherit from two or more classes.
   B-It helps to design a program in a better way. It makes code simpler, cleaner and saves time and money on maintenance.

A-3{Iinheritance dictates that a child class (subclass) inherits all the attributes and methods from a parent class (superclass).
Inheritance is a relation between two classes. A child class inherits all the features of its parent class. 
Methods from the parent can be overridden in the child and new logic can be added.
Encapsulation is the packing of data and functions into a single component.
Encapsulation dictates that one class must not have access to the (private) data of another class.

A-4{Inheritance facilitates code reusability and promotes a hierarchical structure, 
while abstraction simplifies complex systems and enforces a high-level design.

A-5{Polymorphism allows the programmer to write multiple definitions of a function.
At the same time, inheritance enables the user to reuse the already written code.

A-6{it is not possible to override a static method.

A-7{static polymorphism is not achieved through traditional method overloading.

A-8{A class can implement multiple interfaces.
   In Dart, multi-level inheritance occurs when various classes inherit in a chain (i.e., one class extends a parent class,
   and another class extends the class that extended the parent class) A subclass is inherited by another subclass or forms an inheritance chain.

A-28{It doesn't support multiple inheritance, in which a class can extend multiple classes. However, a class can implement multiple interfaces.

A-29{If a type implements two interfaces, and each interface define a method that has identical signature, 
then in effect there is only one method, and they are not distinguishable.

A-30{A-Yes, you can pass that because subclass and superclass are related to each other by Inheritance which provides IS-A property.
    {B-Yes, there's no inheritance of static members. 

A-31{A-The reference holding the child class object reference will not be able to access the members (functions or variables) of the child class
     B-Constructors are not members, so they are not inherited by subclasses.

A-32{You can prevent a class from being subclassed by using the final keyword in the class's declaration.

A-33{Dart does not support multiple inheritance.

A-34{Dart allows single inheritance, which means a class can extend from a single parent. But a single parent can have multiple children,
    and each child can have its own children, building up a hierarchy many classes deep.

A-35{ Create a public method in library class and pass that private method in it.
    You can have the access of that private method as defined public method.

A-36{ Overridden methods can have the exact same signatures, no restrictions. Static Methods can be overloaded.

A-37{Use “extends” when you want to create a new class that inherits properties and methods from an existing class and can add new properties and methods or override existing ones.
     Use “implements” when you want to define a contract that a class must follow, such as implementing a set of method signatures.

A-38{apart from final modifier, you can also use static and private modifier .

A-39{*The overriding method (the child class method) must be declared with the same configuration as the overridden method (the superclass method). ...
     *The overriding method must be defined in the subclass, not in the same class.
A-40{Method Overloading is the concept of defining two or more methods with the same name but different signatures.
     Method Overriding is the concept of defining two or more identical methods, having the same name and signatures.




